#summary Overview on how to use the Eclipse-based JouleUnit workbench.

= Introduction =
The JouleUnit workbench is Eclipse-based additional tooling for the JouleUnit framework, especially for the visualization of JouleUnit profiling and testing results.

This documentation explains how to install and use the JouleUnit workbench and the provided examples.

== Installation ==
To run the JouleUnit Workbench, Eclipse is required. If you do not have an Eclipse instance ready to use yet, download Eclipse from http://eclipse.org/
We recommend to use the Modeling Tools Edition, but feel free to use another Eclipse version instead.

=== Running the JouleUnit Workbench from the SVN ===
Currently, not JouleUnit Update site exist, yet. Therefore, you have to check out the JouleUnit plugins from the SVN and run them in a Runtime Eclipse instance or to build your own deployable plugin JARs for your Eclipse instance.

To check out the JouleUnit plugins you will require an SVN client, e.g., Subversive (http://www.eclipse.org/subversive/).

  * Once you have an SVN client running, check the Eclipse plugin projects located at https://jouleunit.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/workbench/plugins and import them into your Eclipse workspace.

  * Select one of the plugin projects in the workspace, open the context menu with a secondary mouse click and select _Run As -> Eclipse Application_

  * Alternatively you can export the plugin projects as JARs into the dropins folder of your Eclipse distribution and restart your Eclipse instance.

== Using the JouleUnit Workbench ==
Your runtime Eclipse or restarted Eclipse instance should now contain a new perspective called JouleUnit. 

  * You can open the JouleUnit perspective by the menu option _Window -> Open Perspective -> Other ... -> JouleUnit_

= To be continued ... =